[Music]
she is a creature of legend in an age of
sorcery and savagery
[Music]
and Dragons she may be the last unicorn
if you've seen other unicorns like me
somewhere in the world you can find the
others if you are brave they passed down
all the roads long ago in the Red Bull
ran close behind them and covered their
footprints never leave this forest but I
must know if I am the only unicorn left
in the world the classic tale was now a
classic animated adventure
featuring the voices of Mia Farrow but
there was true magic in it alan arkin my
dear you deserve the services of a great
wizard but I'm afraid you'll have to be
glad of the aid of a second-rate
pickpocket Jeff Bridges
that is exactly what heroes are for
Robert Klein Christopher Lee the music
of America a journey into the unknown a
mystery full of wonders and a fantasy
beyond imagining
[Music]
do as you will magic too as you will
the last unicorn the legend will live
forever
[Music]